hi everybody today I'm going to show you
how to make this little Christmas card
everything that I made came with my
starter kit so I'm excited to have my
first how to video with my niece to have
a nut kit so here we go first thing I
did was take a piece of cardstock
glorious green and cut it at six inches
by three inches and escorted it three
inches and next what I did was take a
piece of whisper white cardstock and cut
it at two and three quarters by two and
three quarters and from the stands it
called fun fast fun and fast notes I
have this this cute christmas tree with
all spur stuff written on it and what i
want to do is combine that with the
teeny tiny wishes and the merry
christmas band so i'm not going to want
to stamp the Oscar stuff that's included
in this so what I did was take a piece
of tape and cover up where it says all
spruced up then using my basic black
stang at pad I'm going to ink it up I'm
going to make sure that I take off the
piece of tape because I don't want that
black line showing up on my image
okay so then I place it where I want it
next thing I can use the teeny tiny
wishes merry christmas and stands that
right underneath it then I'm going to
want to let that dry clean the steps I
love this stamp and scrub pad and use
the scrubbing this and then you just
wipe it here and then dry it on the side
it is nice and clean I'm going to let
those dry and what I did was I went
ahead except one ahead of time so that
it would be ready for me to color with
my stampin pastels I'll set that one
aside this classic stamp pad dries
pretty fast still didn't want to risk it
so next what I'm going to do is use of
the stamp and pastels I like this
handsome hunter and rich wiggles and
using a blender pen I'm just going to
pick up some of the green and start
coloring in the tree
and that's what you can do with these
blender pens are really nice because you
can use them with different colors all
you have to do is a scribble off the
excess color and then you can start
working in a different color I'm going
to use this summer sun to color in storm
3 as you can see it doesn't pick up any
other green so it's nice rich yellow
color it's in bright too and i think i'm
going to do the trunk here in chocolate
chip
then for the little pot down here i'm
going to use really rust because i think
it's kind of like a terracotta color
and lastly I'm going to make the
ornaments on the tree red so I'm going
to pick up the real red color here and
just color in a little swirlies little
ornament sucks
stand in pastels so that's what I want
to do is just mount this with my snail
adhesive and when will you wait for it
to dry do just about rubbing it as much
as possible it's me to just melt this on
the card try to get us even of a border
as you can there you have it thanks for
watching
you